DOCSP-19061: adding a GridFS page (#119)
mongodb/docs-golang: source/fundamentals/gridfs.txt

   filter := bson.D{{"length", bson.D{{"$gt", 1500}}}}
   cursor, err := bucket.Find(filter)
   if err != nil {
      panic(err)
   }

   type gridfsFile struct {
      Name   string `bson:"filename"`
      Length int64  `bson:"length"`
   }
   var foundFiles []gridfsFile
   if err = cursor.All(context.TODO(), &foundFiles); err != nil {
      panic(err)
   }

   for _, file := range foundFiles {
      fmt.Printf("filename: %s, length: %d\n", file.Name, file.Length)
   }

.. _golang-download-files:

Download Files
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can download a GridFS file in one of the following ways:

- Use the ``DowloadToStream()`` method to download a file to an output stream.
- Use the ``OpenDownloadStream()`` method to open an input stream.

Download a File to an Output Stream
```````````````````````````````````

You can download a file in a GridFS bucket directly to an output stream using the
``DownloadToStream()`` method. ``DownloadToStream()`` takes a file ID and an
``io.Writer`` as parameters. The method downloads the file with the specified
file ID and writes to the ``io.Writer``.

The following example downloads a file and writes to a file buffer:

.. code-block:: go

>    id, err = primitive.ObjectIDFromHex("62f7bd54a6e4452da13b3e88")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   id, err := primitive.ObjectIDFromHex("62f7bd54a6e4452da13b3e88")
```

Suggestion is assuming `id` is not already declared.

Author: Made this change

   fileBuffer := bytes.NewBuffer(nil)
   if _, err := bucket.DownloadToStream(id, fileBuffer); err != nil {
      panic(err)
   }

Download a File to an Input Stream
``````````````````````````````````

You can download a file in a GridFS bucket to memory with an input stream using
the ``OpenDownloadStream()`` method. ``OpenDownloadStream()`` takes a file ID as
a parameter and returns an input stream from which you can read the file.

The following example downloads a file into memory and reads its contents:

.. code-block:: go

>    id, err = primitive.ObjectIDFromHex("62f7bd54a6e4452da13b3e88")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   id, err := primitive.ObjectIDFromHex("62f7bd54a6e4452da13b3e88")
```

Author: Fixed

   downloadStream, err := bucket.OpenDownloadStream(id)
   if err != nil {
      panic(err)
   }

>    fileBuffer := bytes.NewBuffer(nil)
>    if _, err := downloadStream.Read(fileBuffer); err != nil {
>       panic(err)
>    }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   fileBytes := make([]byte, 1024)
   if _, err := downloadStream.Read(fileBytes); err != nil {
      panic(err)
   }
```

This example does not compile:

```go
docs/main.go:36:34: cannot use fileBuffer (type *bytes.Buffer) as type []byte in argument to downloadStream.Read
```

For future reference, consider all examples in the `*.go` files in the `code-snippets` directory. That may make it easier to check they compile.

Author: Fixed this example

.. _golang-rename-files:

Rename Files
~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can update the name of a GridFS file in your bucket by using the ``Rename()``
method. Pass a file ID value and a new ``filename`` value as arguments to
``Rename()``. 

The following example renames a file to ``"mongodbTutorial.zip"``:

.. code-block:: go

>    id, err = primitive.ObjectIDFromHex("62f7bd54a6e4452da13b3e88")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   id, err := primitive.ObjectIDFromHex("62f7bd54a6e4452da13b3e88")
```

Author: Fixed

   if err := bucket.Rename(id, "mongodbTutorial.zip"); err != nil {
       panic(err)
   }

.. _golang-delete-files:

Delete Files
~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can remove a file from your GridFS bucket by using the ``Delete()`` method.
Pass a file ID value as an argument to ``Delete()``. 

The following example deletes a file:

.. code-block:: go

>    id, err = primitive.ObjectIDFromHex("62f7bd54a6e4452da13b3e88")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   id, err := primitive.ObjectIDFromHex("62f7bd54a6e4452da13b3e88")
```

Author: Fixed

MongoDB using the **GridFS** specification. GridFS splits large files
into chunks and stores each chunk as a separate document. When you query
GridFS for a file, the driver will reassemble the chunks as needed. The
driver implementation of GridFS is an abstraction that manages the operations
and organization of the file storage. 

Use GridFS if the size of your files exceed the BSON document size limit of
16 MB. GridFS is also useful for accessing files without loading the entire file
into memory. For more detailed information on whether GridFS is suitable for
your use case, see the :manual:`GridFS server manual page </core/gridfs>`.

How GridFS Works
----------------

GridFS organizes files in a **bucket**, a group of MongoDB collections
that contain the chunks of files and information describing them. The
bucket contains the following collections:

- The ``chunks`` collection, which stores the binary file chunks.
- The ``files`` collection, which stores the file metadata.

When you create a new GridFS bucket, the driver creates the preceding 
collections. The default bucket name ``fs`` prefixes the collection names,

> unless you specify a different name. The driver creates the new GridFS bucket

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
unless you specify a different bucket name. The driver creates the new GridFS bucket
```

during the first write operation.

The driver also creates an index on each collection to ensure efficient
retrieval of the files and related metadata. The driver creates indexes

> if they do not exist and when the bucket is empty. For more information on

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
if they do not already exist and when the bucket is empty. For more information on
```

   bucket, err := gridfs.NewBucket(db, opts)
   
   if err != nil {
      panic(err)
   }

.. _golang-upload-files:

Upload Files
~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can upload a file into a GridFS bucket in one of the following ways:

- Use the ``UploadFromStream()`` method, which reads from an input stream.
- Use the ``OpenUploadStream()`` method, which writes to an output stream.

For either upload process, you can specify configuration information on an instance
of ``UploadOptions``. For a full list of ``UploadOptions`` fields, visit the 
`API documentation <{+api+}/mongo/options#UploadOptions>`__.

Upload with an Input Stream
```````````````````````````

To upload a file with an input stream, use the ``UploadFromStream()`` method
with the following parameters:

- Your file name
- An ``io.Reader``, with your opened file as a parameter
- An optional ``opts`` parameter to modify the behavior of ``UploadFromStream()``

The following code example reads from a file called ``file.txt`` and uploads the
content to a GridFS bucket. It uses an ``opts`` parameter to set file metadata:

.. io-code-block::
   :copyable: true

   .. input::
      :language: go

>       fileContent, err := os.Open("path/to/file.txt")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      file, err := os.Open("path/to/file.txt")
      if err != nil {
         panic (err);
      }
```

Suggest renaming `fileContent` to  `file`. `os.Open` returns `*File`. The contents are not yet read.

Author: I renamed `fileContent` to `file`.

      uploadOpts := options.GridFSUpload().SetMetadata(bson.D{{"metadata tag", "first"}})

>       objectID, err := bucket.UploadFromStream("file.txt", io.Reader(fileContent),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      objectID, err := bucket.UploadFromStream("file.txt", io.Reader(file),
```

Author: Made this change

      if err != nil {
         panic(err)
      }

      fmt.Printf("New file uploaded with ID %s", objectID)

   .. output::
      :language: none
      :visible: false

      New file uploaded with ID 62e005408bc04f3816b8bcd2

.. note::

   The driver uniquely generates each object ID number. The ID number outputted
   will resemble the sample output but varies with each file and user.

Upload with an Output Stream
````````````````````````````

To upload a file with an output stream, use the ``OpenUploadStream()`` method
with the following parameters:

- Your file name
- An optional ``opts`` parameter to modify the behavior of ``OpenUploadStream()``

The following code example opens an upload stream on a GridFS bucket and sets
the number of bytes in each chunk with an ``opts`` parameter. Then, it calls
the ``Write()`` method on the content of ``file.txt`` to write its content to
the stream:

.. io-code-block::
   :copyable: true

   .. input::
      :language: go

      fileContent, err := os.Open("path/to/file.txt")
      uploadOpts := options.GridFSUpload().SetChunkSizeBytes(200000)
      uploadStream, err := bucket.OpenUploadStream("file.txt", uploadOpts)

>       if bytes, err = uploadStream.Write(fileContent); err != nil {

Reviewer: This line does not compile:

```
docs/main.go:69:5: undefined: bytes
docs/main.go:69:16: cannot assign int to bytes in multiple assignment
docs/main.go:69:36: cannot use fileContent (type *os.File) as type []byte in argument to uploadStream.Write
```

Suggest putting these code examples in a `.go` file in the `source/includes/fundamentals/code-snippets` directory. The snippets can be included with `begin` and `end` comments. That may make it easier to validate these examples are correct when updating.

Here is an example:

```go
// source/includes/fundamentals/code-snippets/gridfs.go
package main

import (
	"context"
	"fmt"
	"io"
	"os"

	"go.mongodb.org/mongo-driver/mongo"
	"go.mongodb.org/mongo-driver/mongo/gridfs"
	"go.mongodb.org/mongo-driver/mongo/options"
)

func main() {
	// Create a new client and connect to the server
	client, err := mongo.Connect(context.TODO())

	if err != nil {
		panic(err)
	}
	defer client.Disconnect(context.TODO())

	bucket, err := gridfs.NewBucket(client.Database("foo"))
	if err != nil {
		panic(err)
	}

	// begin OpenUploadStream example
	file, err := os.Open("go.mod")
	if err != nil {
		panic(err)
	}
	uploadOpts := options.GridFSUpload().SetChunkSizeBytes(200000)
	uploadStream, err := bucket.OpenUploadStream("file.txt", uploadOpts)
	if err != nil {
		panic(err)
	}
	fileContent, err := io.ReadAll(file)
	if err != nil {
		panic(err)
	}
	var bytes int
	if bytes, err = uploadStream.Write(fileContent); err != nil {
		panic(err)
	}
	fmt.Printf("New file uploaded with %d bytes written", bytes)
	// end OpenUploadStream example
}
```

Author: I created a `gridfs.go` file in code-snippets and pasted this code there.

         panic(err)
      }

      fmt.Printf("New file uploaded with %d bytes written", bytes)

   .. output::
      :language: none
      :visible: false

      New file uploaded with 1000 bytes written

.. _golang-retrieve-info:

Retrieve File Information
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can retrieve file metadata stored in the ``files`` collection of the GridFS
bucket. Each document in the ``files`` collection contains the following
information:

- The file ID
- The file length
- The maximum chunk size
- The upload date and time
- The file name
- A ``metadata`` document in which you can store any other information

To retrieve file data, call the ``Find()`` method on a ``GridFSBucket``
instance. You can pass a query filter as an argument to ``Find()`` to match
only certain file documents.

.. note::

   The ``Find()`` method requires a query filter as a parameter. To match all 
   documents in the ``files`` collection, pass an empty query filter to ``Find()``.

The following example retrieves the file name and length of documents in the
``files`` collection with ``length`` values greater than ``1500``:

.. code-block:: go

>    filter := bson.D {{"length", bson.D{{"$gt", 1500}}}

Reviewer: This line is missing a closing `}` and does no compile.

Author: Fixed this

>    cursor, err := bucket.Find(filter)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   cursor, err := bucket.Find(filter)
   if err != nil {
      panic (err)
   }
```

Author: Added the error handling lines

   type gridfsFile struct {
      Name   string `bson:"filename"`
      Length int64  `bson:"length"`
   }
   var foundFiles []gridfsFile
   if err = cursor.All(context.TODO(), &foundFiles); err != nil {

>       log.Fatal(err)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      panic(err)
```

Suggest replacing all `log.Fatal(err)` with `panic` for consistency. The [Golang Driver Code Example Patterns and Style Reference](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FtUKxOaEmdFf4d3HcXAVIGed2awuwIWdkWc0YQIwPvk/edit) suggests this:

> Use panic(err) to exit with an error message rather than log.Fatal(err)

Author: I replaced every log.Fatal(err) with panic(err)

   }

   for _, file := range foundFiles {
      fmt.Printf("filename: %s, length: %d\n", file.Name, file.Length)
   }

.. _golang-download-files:

Download Files
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can download a GridFS file in one of the following ways:

- Use the ``DowloadToStream()`` method to download a file to an output stream.
- Use the ``OpenDownloadStream()`` method to open an input stream.

Download a File to an Output Stream
```````````````````````````````````

You can download a file in a GridFS bucket directly to an output stream using the

> ``DownloadToStream()`` method. ``DownloadToStream()`` takes an ``ObjectID`` value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``DownloadToStream()`` method. ``DownloadToStream()`` takes a file ID
```

The `fileID` argument can be any BSON type.

Author: Made this change

and an ``io.Writer`` as parameters. The method downloads the file with the specified

> ``ObjectID`` and writes to the ``io.Writer``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
file ID and writes to the ``io.Writer``.
```

Author: Fixed

The following example downloads a file with an ``_id`` value of ``62e005408bc`` and
writes to a file buffer:

.. code-block:: go

>    id, err = primitive.ObjectIDFromHex("62e005408bc")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   id, err = primitive.ObjectIDFromHex("62f7bd54a6e4452da13b3e88")
   if err != nil {
      panic(err)
   }
```

`62e005408bc` is not a valid ObjectID. `ObjectIDFromHex` returns an error. An ObjectID is 12 bytes (or 24 hex characters).

Author: Okay I replaced every `62e005408bc` value with `62f7bd54a6e4452da13b3e88`

   fileBuffer := bytes.NewBuffer(nil)
   if _, err := bucket.DownloadToStream(id, fileBuffer); err != nil {
      log.Fatal(err)
   }

Download a File to an Input Stream
``````````````````````````````````

You can download a file in a GridFS bucket to memory with an input stream using

> the ``OpenDownloadStream()`` method. ``OpenDownloadStream()`` takes a ``ObjectID``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the ``OpenDownloadStream()`` method. ``OpenDownloadStream()`` takes a file ID
```

The `fileID` argument can be any BSON type.

Author: I replaced ObjectId with file ID.

value as a parameter and returns an input stream from which you can read the file.

> The following example downloads a file with an ``_id`` value of ``62e005408bc`` into

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example downloads a file into
```

Author: Deleted this part

memory and reads its contents:

.. code-block:: go

>    id, err = primitive.ObjectIDFromHex("62e005408bc")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   id, err = primitive.ObjectIDFromHex("62f7bd54a6e4452da13b3e88")
   if err != nil {
      panic(err)
   }
```

Author: Made this change

   downloadStream, err := bucket.OpenDownloadStream(id)
   if err != nil {
      log.Fatal(err)
   }

   fileBuffer := bytes.NewBuffer(nil)
   if _, err := downloadStream.Read(fileBuffer); err != nil {
      log.Fatal(err)
   }

.. _golang-rename-files:

Rename Files
~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can update the name of a GridFS file in your bucket by using the ``Rename()``

> method. Pass an ``ObjectID`` value and a new ``filename`` value as arguments to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
method. Pass a file ID value and a new ``filename`` value as arguments to
```

Author: Fixed

``Rename()``. 

> The following example renames a file with an ``_id`` value of ``62e005408bc`` to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example renames a file to 
```

Author: Deleted

``"mongodbTutorial.zip"``:

.. code-block:: go

>    id, err = primitive.ObjectIDFromHex("62e005408bc")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   id, err = primitive.ObjectIDFromHex("62f7bd54a6e4452da13b3e88")
   if err != nil {
      panic(err)
   }
```

Author: Fixed

   if err := bucket.Rename(id, "mongodbTutorial.zip"); err != nil {
       log.Fatal(err)
   }

.. _golang-delete-files:

Delete Files
~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can remove a file from your GridFS bucket by using the ``Delete()`` method.

> Pass an ``ObjectID`` value as an argument to ``Delete()``. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pass a file ID value as an argument to ``Delete()``. 
```

Author: Fixed

The following example deletes a file with an ``_id`` value of ``62e005408bc``:

.. code-block:: go

>    id, err = primitive.ObjectIDFromHex("62e005408bc")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   id, err = primitive.ObjectIDFromHex("62f7bd54a6e4452da13b3e88")
   if err != nil {
      panic(err)
   }
```

Author: Fixed

.. default-domain:: mongodb

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 2
   :class: singlecol

Overview
--------

In this guide, you can learn how to store and retrieve large files in
MongoDB using **GridFS**. GridFS is a specification that describes how
to split files into chunks when storing them and reassemble the files when

> retrieving them. The driver implementation of GridFS is an abstraction that

Author: Changed this -- I used similar wording to your suggestion

manages the operations and organization of the file storage. 

> You should use GridFS if the size of your files exceed the BSON document

Author: Made this change

size limit of 16MB. GridFS is also useful for accessing files without loading
the entire file into memory. For more detailed information on whether GridFS
is suitable for your use case, see the :manual:`GridFS server manual page </core/gridfs>`.

How GridFS Works
----------------

GridFS organizes files in a **bucket**, a group of MongoDB collections
that contain the chunks of files and information describing them. The
bucket contains the following collections:

- The ``chunks`` collection, which stores the binary file chunks.
- The ``files`` collection, which stores the file metadata.

When you create a new GridFS bucket, the driver creates the preceding 
collections, prefixed with the default bucket name ``fs``, unless

> you specify a different name. The driver also creates an index on each

Author: Made this change

collection to ensure efficient retrieval of the files and related
metadata. The driver only creates the GridFS bucket on the first write
operation if it does not already exist. The driver only creates indexes if

> they do not exist and when the bucket is empty. For more information on

Author: They are supposed to highlight the limitations/conditions for creation of the bucket or index. I reworded this section and broke it up into two smaller paragraphs, one for creating the bucket and one for creating indexes -- let me know if it's clearer now.

GridFS indexes, see the server manual page on :manual:`GridFS Indexes </core/gridfs/#gridfs-indexes>`.

When storing files with GridFS, the driver splits the files into smaller
chunks, each represented by a separate document in the ``chunks`` collection.
It also creates a document in the ``files`` collection that contains
a file ID, file name, and other file metadata. You can upload the file from

> memory or from a stream. See the following diagram to see how GridFS splits

Author: That's true, took this out

> the files when uploaded to a bucket.

Author: Made this change

.. figure:: /includes/figures/GridFS-upload.png
   :alt: A diagram that shows how GridFS uploads a file to a bucket

When retrieving files, GridFS fetches the metadata from the ``files``

> collection in the specified bucket and uses the information to reconstruct

Author: Changed this

the file from documents in the ``chunks`` collection. You can read the file
into memory or output it to a stream.

Use GridFS
----------

To learn about GridFS operations and how to perform them, navigate to the
following sections:

> - :ref:`Create a Bucket <golang-create-bucket>`

Author: I took out all the custom display text in these

- :ref:`Upload Files <golang-upload-files>`
- :ref:`Retrieve File Information <golang-retrieve-info>`
- :ref:`Download Files <golang-download-files>`
- :ref:`Rename Files <golang-rename-files>`
- :ref:`Delete Files <golang-delete-files>`
- :ref:`Delete a Bucket <golang-delete-bucket>`

.. _golang-create-bucket:

Create a GridFS Bucket
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To store or retrieve files from GridFS, create a bucket or get a reference to

> an existing bucket on a MongoDB database. To create a ``GridFSBucket`` instance,

Author: Yeah I wasn't sure how to show if NewBucket() was instantiating a new bucket that didn't already exist or just returning a reference to one that does, since it would look the same in the code. I added a line about this in the note under the code example, hopefully it's more clear.

call the ``NewBucket()`` method with a database parameter:

.. code-block:: go

   db := client.Database("myDB")
   bucket, err := gridfs.NewBucket(db)
   if err != nil {
      panic(err)
   }

.. note::

   The ``NewBucket()`` method instantiates a bucket if one does not already exist. 
   However, the bucket is only created when you upload your first file.

> To instantiate a bucket with a custom name other than the default name ``fs``,

Author: Made this change

call the ``SetName()`` method on a ``BucketOptions`` instance. Then, pass this code

> as a second parameter to the ``NewBucket()`` method:

Author: Made this change

.. code-block:: go

   db := client.Database("myDB")
   opts := options.GridFSBucket().SetName("custom name")
   bucket, err := gridfs.NewBucket(db, opts)
   
   if err != nil {
      panic(err)
   }

.. _golang-upload-files:

Upload Files
~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can upload a file into a GridFS bucket in one of the following ways:

- Use the ``UploadFromStream()`` method, which reads from an input stream

> - Use the ``OpenUploadStream()`` method, which writes to an output stream

Author: Added periods

For either upload process, you can specify configuration information on an instance
of ``UploadOptions``. For a full list of ``UploadOptions`` fields, visit the 
`API documentation <{+api+}/mongo/options#UploadOptions>`__.

Upload with an Input Stream
```````````````````````````

> You can use an input stream to upload a file to a GridFS bucket. To upload a file,

Author: True, changed this

use the ``UploadFromStream()`` method with the following parameters:

- Your file name
- An ``io.Reader``, with your opened file as a parameter
- An optional ``opts`` parameter to modify the behavior of ``UploadFromStream()``

> The following code example reads from a file called ``"file.txt"`` and uploads the content

Author: Made this change

to a GridFS bucket. It uses an ``opts`` parameter to set file metadata:

.. io-code-block::
   :copyable: true

   .. input::
      :language: go

      fileContent, err := os.Open("path/to/file.txt")
      uploadOpts := options.GridFSUpload().SetMetadata(bson.D{{"metadata tag", "first"}})

      objectID, err := bucket.UploadFromStream("file.txt", io.Reader(fileContent),
         uploadOpts)
      if err != nil {
         panic(err)
      }

      fmt.Printf("New file uploaded with ID %s", objectID)

   .. output::
      :language: none
      :visible: false

      New file uploaded with ID 62e005408bc04f3816b8bcd2

.. note::

   The driver uniquely generates each object ID number. The ID number outputted will
   resemble the sample output but varies with each file and user.

Upload with an Output Stream
````````````````````````````

> You can use an output stream to upload a file to a GridFS bucket. To upload a file,
> use the ``OpenUploadStream()`` method with the following parameters:

Reviewer 2: Same as above suggestion:

```suggestion
To upload a file with an output stream,
use the ``OpenUploadStream()`` method with the following parameters:
```

Author: Made this change

- Your file name
- An optional ``opts`` parameter to modify the behavior of ``OpenUploadStream()``

The following code example opens an upload stream on a GridFS bucket and sets the number
of bytes in each chunk with an ``opts`` parameter. Then, it calls the ``Write()`` method

> on the content of ``"file.txt"`` to write its content to the stream:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
on the content of ``file.txt`` to write its content to the stream:
```

Author: Changed this

      uploadOpts := options.GridFSUpload().SetChunkSizeBytes(200000)
      uploadStream, err := bucket.OpenUploadStream("file.txt", uploadOpts)

      if bytes, err = uploadStream.Write(fileContent); err != nil {
         panic(err)
      }

      fmt.Printf("New file uploaded with %d bytes written", bytes)

   .. output::
      :language: none
      :visible: false

      New file uploaded with 1000 bytes written

.. _golang-retrieve-info:

Retrieve File Information
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can retrieve file metadata stored in the ``files`` collection of the GridFS
bucket. Each document in the ``files`` collection contains the following information:

- The file ID
- The file length
- The maximum chunk size
- The upload date and time
- The file name
- A ``metadata`` document in which you can store any other information

To retrieve file data, call the ``Find()`` method on a ``GridFSBucket``
instance. You can pass a query filter as an argument to ``Find()`` to match
only certain file documents.

.. note::

   The ``Find()`` method requires a query filter as a parameter. To match all 
   documents in the ``files`` collection, pass an empty query filter to ``Find()``.

> The following example retrieves the file name and length of documents in the ``files``
> collection. It passes a filter argument to the ``Find()`` method to match documents with
> ``length`` values greater than ``1500``:

Reviewer 2: Suggestion: This could be simplified to explain what the code is doing without going too much into implementation, since that is done in the code itself:

```suggestion
The following example retrieves the name and length of all documents with a ``length`` value greater than 1500 in the ``files`` collection.
```

Author: Changed this

.. code-block:: go

   filter := bson.D {{"length", bson.D{{"$gt", 1500}}}
   cursor, err := bucket.Find(filter)

   type gridfsFile struct {
      Name   string `bson:"filename"`
      Length int64  `bson:"length"`
   }
   var foundFiles []gridfsFile
   if err = cursor.All(context.TODO(), &foundFiles); err != nil {
      log.Fatal(err)
   }

   for _, file := range foundFiles {
      fmt.Printf("filename: %s, length: %d\n", file.Name, file.Length)
   }

This code outputs the ``name`` and ``length`` values of documents in the ``files``

> collection that match the query filter.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure if this sentence is necessary, since we specify before the code block that this is what the code will output.

Author: Okay I took this out

.. _golang-download-files:

Download Files
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can download a GridFS file in one of the following ways:

> - Use the ``DowloadToStream()`` method to download a file to an output stream
> - Use the ``OpenDownloadStream()`` method to open an input stream

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Use the ``DowloadToStream()`` method to download a file to an output stream.
- Use the ``OpenDownloadStream()`` method to open an input stream.
```

Author: Added periods

Download a File to an Output Stream
```````````````````````````````````

You can download a file in a GridFS bucket directly to an output stream using the
``DownloadToStream()`` method. ``DownloadToStream()`` takes an ``ObjectID`` value and an
``io.Writer`` as parameters. The method downloads the file with the specified ``ObjectID``
and writes to the ``io.Writer``.

The following example downloads a file with an ``_id`` value of ``62e005408bc`` and writes
to a file buffer:

.. code-block:: go

   id, err = primitive.ObjectIDFromHex("62e005408bc")
   fileBuffer := bytes.NewBuffer(nil)
   if _, err := bucket.DownloadToStream(id, fileBuffer); err != nil {
      log.Fatal(err)
   }

Download a File to an Input Stream
``````````````````````````````````

> You can download a file in a GridFS bucket to memory with an input stream. Call
> the ``OpenDownloadStream()`` method on the GridFS bucket. ``OpenDownloadStream()`` takes
> a ``ObjectID`` value as a parameter and returns an input stream from which you can read

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can download a file in a GridFS bucket to memory with an input stream using the ``OpenDownloadStream()`` method. ``OpenDownloadStream()`` takes
an ``ObjectID`` value as a parameter and returns an input stream from which you can read
```

the file.

The following example downloads a file with an ``_id`` value of ``62e005408bc`` into memory
and reads its contents:

.. code-block:: go

   id, err = primitive.ObjectIDFromHex("62e005408bc")
   downloadStream, err := bucket.OpenDownloadStream(id)
   if err != nil {
      log.Fatal(err)
   }

   fileBuffer := bytes.NewBuffer(nil)
   if _, err := downloadStream.Read(fileBuffer); err != nil {
      log.Fatal(err)
   }

.. _golang-rename-files:

Rename Files
~~~~~~~~~~~~

> You can update the name of a GridFS file in your bucket by calling the ``Rename()``
> method on the GridFS bucket. Pass an ``ObjectID`` value and a new ``filename`` value as

Reviewer 2: I think the wording here should stay consistent with the previous sections.

```suggestion
You can update the name of a GridFS file in your bucket by using the ``Rename()``
method. Pass an ``ObjectID`` value and a new ``filename`` value as
```

Author: Made this change

arguments to ``Rename()``. 

The following example renames a file with an ``_id`` value of ``62e005408bc`` to 
``"mongodbTutorial.zip"``:

.. code-block:: go

   id, err = primitive.ObjectIDFromHex("62e005408bc")
   if err := bucket.Rename(id, "mongodbTutorial.zip"); err != nil {
       log.Fatal(err)
   }

.. _golang-delete-files:

Delete Files
~~~~~~~~~~~~

> You can remove a file from your GridFS bucket by calling the ``Delete()`` method on
> the bucket. Pass an ``ObjectID`` value as an argument to ``Delete()``. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can remove a file from your GridFS bucket by using the ``Delete()`` method. Pass an ``ObjectID`` value as an argument to ``Delete()``. 
```

Author: Changed this
